First P-day out on the field!! We did an endowment session in the temple today with all the other missionaries in the area; that was great! Always love going to the temple. Afterwards we treated ourselves to some poutine from this resteraunt called The Street and that was pretty epic! We went to Elder Evans and Livingston's appartment to play some games. We played Risk and let's just say it was brutal! My comp did me dirty, I got absolutey wrecked! 😂 But it was still super fun. After that we gave Elder Bultsma and Elder Sachedina a ride back to the temple and on our way we stopped and got dinner at Wendy's. Which was awesome, who knew that Wendy's at 8 o' clock at night would have so many teaching opportunities. Some guy was asking if we could smoke weed in the church... 😂 yeahhh weed's legal here haha. After that we visited and taught a service missionary and he is super awesome! It's great meeting and teaching someone that's super engaged and asks questions.

We had interviews with the mission president today. Which is kinda weird considering how early it is to do it, but it's all good, it needed to happen. Usually interviews happen closer to the middle or end of transfers. But that's okay, I got my interview in and everything's been going great! After all that fun stuff we had district council. Lots of great and helpful things were shared. We've been getting a ton of referrals lately so that's been way awesome! Social media has recently has really been blowing up!

We helped put at a food mesh event and that was pretty good. They do it every week and we have permission from miss pres to go, just cause it's outside our zone. So that's sweet, we getta go out of our zone every week. We got there and helped deliever the food to families that need it. So glad to help out! We also helped a lady in the ward move tiles and plants into her house. It was pretty last minute but it was great to meet and help her. After that we did a quick Walmart run. Just had to get more food and stuff. And right before we were ready to check out we ran into a ward member that my trainer knew. Just from his past experience in this area. Anyways, super nice guy, his wife works at Walmart so he had those exclusive insider discount deals. So that was really nice! I got $6 off! After that Krispy Kreme was just right there. So we could'nt resist to get our selves some good old Krispy Kreme. I didn't write it in the last email, but we did get Krispy Kreme last week too 🤫 We've probably had a little too much doughnuts lol, but they're sooo good!

Today we helped assist in a Youth Conference. It was a huge multistake conference with youth from all over the providence! It was awesome, definitely felt a bit like FSY or EFY. They had workshops teaching the youth about temples, a panel with q&a about the For Strength of Youth, and many other activities. They had many missionaries that were in the area lead the youth in these activities. So that's what we did. We kinda felt like FSY councilors lol. Once we got our group of youth we led them tonall the workshops and all that fun stuff. After all of that we had the opportunity to take them to the temple. Which is really special for some of them, cause in some of the areas that they live, they don't have the opportunity to go to the temple. Those that had active recommends were able to perform baptisms for the dead, those that didn't were able to have a nice chat with us about temples. It was great, glad we had the opportunity to teach and connect with the youth!

Today we had the most teaching visits that I've experienced so far. Holy cow two visits, in one day! Absolutey crazy stuff! Anyways today was great! The first person we taught, brother Clearsky was super nice. He was already looking for opportunities to share the gospel with others. Which was so good to hear! We then had a lesson and dinner with sister Davis. She's very sweet and enthusiastic about the gospel. She works at the temple and her husband isn't a member but they are both super nice.

Today we went to this supper foresty and wooded park. It's one of the bigger parks. Apparently last time my trainer was here, him and his comp got lost in the park and ended up taking an extra hour finding their way back! 😂 So we were extra cautious, but spoiler alert we did get a bit lost. We took one wrong turn, but we made it out relatively quick. Anyways we went to the park so we could get some epic photos and stuff for Facebook posts and sharing the gospel online. It was a bit hard to get good looking photos cause it's been nothing but suuppperr cloudy. Apparently it wasn't that rainy before I got here, but since I've been here it's been overcast and rainy, every single day. It doesn't really snow too much in Surrey it just mostly rains. So now we are really getting into rainy season. I'm really starting to miss sunsets, kinda getting tired of the constant Gothem city atmosphere. But it's okay overcast rainy weather is a vibe too. Now that I've ranted about weather for way too long... lets move on. We met the James family and that was wonderful! Except for the part where their address is wrong in the Preach My Gospel app so we ended up having to renavigate. But we made it, so that was good. We were a little late because of it, but they forgave us. We had a great lesson about commandments. And it turned out pretty good. I'm still getting better at contributing more in the teaching so I'm happy to see some progress. I just need to continue to strive to put myself out their more.

Anyways that's everything I got for this week. Adjusting to missionary life has been good. I'm excited to see what the future holds!

"I marvel, and I’m sure that many of you do too, at how blessed we are to know what we know about our purpose in life, why we are here, what we should be trying to do and accomplish in our daily lives." - Praise to the Man by President Russel M. Ballard, Oct 2023

Matthew 5:14-16 "Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven."
